madam
Are you all right?
Did you hurt anywhere?
She looks like my daughter
She looks just like my mother
madam sir
Obviously, this mute deliberately touched the porcelain.
Poor crazy people like them
Anything is possible
Madam, you probably mustn't believe him
shut up
Assistants at home don't understand the rules
Don't worry.
This is to pay for your medical expenses.
Sorry about today
Madam I don't want
You are so kind
Take it.
My mother can't speak like you
I'm here to take her back
I don't know who is so married
To have such a good daughter as Mrs. Shen Guiying
Shen Guiying, stop and don't run
How dare you go back to me, stop it
What do you want to do in broad daylight?
Is he a wife?
Even if you kill him today
It's none of your business with these out-of-town dogs
You go away
What do you want?
gold lock
My gold lock
Why are you here?
Isn't this my mother's gold lock?